README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/JuliaData/NamedTuples.jl.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/JuliaData/NamedTuples.jl)
[![Build Status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/github/JuliaData/NamedTuples.jl?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/quinnj/namedtuples-jl)
[![codecov.io](http://codecov.io/github/JuliaData/NamedTuples.jl/coverage.svg?branch=master)](http://codecov.io/github/JuliaData/NamedTuples.jl?branch=master)

# NamedTuples

NamedTuples.jl provides a high performance implementation of named tuples for Julia (cf named tuples in python). Julia tuples are restricted to supporting index based access. This new implementation allows both index and property based access. NamedTuples may be used anywhere that a tuple is currently being used, for example in the definition of a method or as the return value of a method. NamedTuples are implemented using Julia’s macro system, ensuring that the run time cost is equivalent to constructing a regular immutable type.

NamedTuples may also be used in cases where a small typed immutable dictionary is desired.

Syntax

```julia
@NT( a, b )                 -> Defines a tuple with a and b as members
@NT( a::Int64, b::Float64 ) -> Defines a tuple with the specific arg types as members
@NT( a = 1, b = "hello")    -> Defines and constructs a tuple with the specifed members and values
@NT( a, b )( (1, "hello") ) -> Is equivalent to the above definition
@NT( a::Int64 )( (2.0,) )   -> Calls `convert( Int64, 2.0 )` on construction and sets `a`
@NT( ::Int64, ::Float64 )   -> Defines a named tuple with automatic names
```

NamedTuples may be used anywhere you would use a regular Tuple, this includes method definition and return values.

```julia
module Demo
using NamedTuples

function foo( y )
    a = 1
    x = 3
    return  @NT( a = 1, b = "world", c = "hello", d=a/x, y = a/y  )
end
function bar( nt::@NT( a::Int64, c::String ))
    return repeat( nt.c, nt.a )
end

end

using NamedTuples
Demo.foo( 1 ) # Returns a NamedTuple of 5 elements
Demo.bar( @NT( a= 2, c="hello")) # Returns `hellohello`
```

There is at most one instance of a NamedTuple type with a given set of Members and Types, hence

```julia
typeof( @NT( a = 1, b = 2.0 )) == @NT( a::Int, b::Float64 )
```

NamedTuple definitions are shared across all modules. The underlying immutable types are constructed at first use.

NamedTuples support iteration and indexing, and behave as immutable associative containers.

```julia
@NT( a = 1 ).a == 1
@NT( a = 1 )[1] == 1
@NT( a = 1 )[:a] == 1
length( @NT( a = 1)) == 1
length( @NT( a = 1, b = 2.0)) == 2
first( @NT( a = 1, b = 2.0 )) ==  1
last( @NT( a = 1, b = 2.0 )) == 2.0
using Compat: pairs
for (k,v) in pairs(@NT( a = 1, b = 1 ))
    println("$k = $v")
end
```

NamedTuples additionally support operations to merge, update, add and delete elements.  Since NamedTuples
are immutable, these operations make a copy of the data and return a new NamedTuple. The current
implementation of these operations is functional rather than performance oriented.

```julia
julia> nt = @NT( a=1, b=2, c=3 )
(a = 1, b = 2, c = 3)

julia> x = NamedTuples.setindex( nt, :x, 123 )
(a = 1, b = 2, c = 3, x = 123)

julia> NamedTuples.delete( x, :a)
(b = 2, c = 3, x = 123)

julia> merge( nt, @NT( d = "hello", e = "world"))
(a = 1, b = 2, c = 3, d = "hello", e = "world")
```

Note the use of `setindex/delete` and not `setindex!/delete!` as these operations do NOT modify in place.

Commit message:

Set minimum of Julia 0.7
Even though this code works on Julia 0.6 these changes are breaking. By
only allowing this version to work on Julia 0.7 and up we should avoid
significant breakage.

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/JuliaData/NamedTuples.jl.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/JuliaData/NamedTuples.jl)
[![Build Status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/github/JuliaData/NamedTuples.jl?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/quinnj/namedtuples-jl)
[![codecov.io](http://codecov.io/github/JuliaData/NamedTuples.jl/coverage.svg?branch=master)](http://codecov.io/github/JuliaData/NamedTuples.jl?branch=master)

# NamedTuples

## Note: the [Named Tuple type](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/manual/types/#Named-Tuple-Types-1) functionality has been integrated into Julia Base as of Julia 0.7. Prefer using the Base implementation of NamedTuples when writing code for Julia 0.7 or higher.

NamedTuples.jl provides a high performance implementation of named tuples for Julia (cf named tuples in python). Julia tuples are restricted to supporting index based access. This new implementation allows both index and property based access. NamedTuples may be used anywhere that a tuple is currently being used, for example in the definition of a method or as the return value of a method. NamedTuples are implemented using Julia’s macro system, ensuring that the run time cost is equivalent to constructing a regular immutable type.

NamedTuples may also be used in cases where a small typed immutable dictionary is desired.

Syntax

```julia
@NT( a, b )                 -> Defines a tuple with a and b as members
@NT( a::Int64, b::Float64 ) -> Defines a tuple with the specific arg types as members
@NT( a = 1, b = "hello")    -> Defines and constructs a tuple with the specifed members and values
@NT( a, b )( (1, "hello") ) -> Is equivalent to the above definition
@NT( a::Int64 )( (2.0,) )   -> Calls `convert( Int64, 2.0 )` on construction and sets `a`
@NT( ::Int64, ::Float64 )   -> Defines a named tuple with automatic names
```

NamedTuples may be used anywhere you would use a regular Tuple, this includes method definition and return values.

```julia
module Demo
using NamedTuples

function foo( y )
    a = 1
    x = 3
    return  @NT( a = 1, b = "world", c = "hello", d=a/x, y = a/y  )
end
function bar( nt::@NT( a::Int64, c::String ))
    return repeat( nt.c, nt.a )
end

end

using NamedTuples
Demo.foo( 1 ) # Returns a NamedTuple of 5 elements
Demo.bar( @NT( a= 2, c="hello")) # Returns `hellohello`
```

There is at most one instance of a NamedTuple type with a given set of Members and Types, hence

```julia
typeof( @NT( a = 1, b = 2.0 )) == @NT( a::Int, b::Float64 )
```

NamedTuple definitions are shared across all modules. The underlying immutable types are constructed at first use.

NamedTuples support iteration and indexing, and behave as immutable associative containers.

```julia
@NT( a = 1 ).a == 1
@NT( a = 1 )[1] == 1
@NT( a = 1 )[:a] == 1
length( @NT( a = 1)) == 1
length( @NT( a = 1, b = 2.0)) == 2
first( @NT( a = 1, b = 2.0 )) ==  1
last( @NT( a = 1, b = 2.0 )) == 2.0
using Compat: pairs
for (k,v) in pairs(@NT( a = 1, b = 1 ))
    println("$k = $v")
end
```

NamedTuples additionally support operations to merge, update, add and delete elements.  Since NamedTuples
are immutable, these operations make a copy of the data and return a new NamedTuple. The current
implementation of these operations is functional rather than performance oriented.

```julia
julia> nt = @NT( a=1, b=2, c=3 )
(a = 1, b = 2, c = 3)

julia> x = NamedTuples.setindex( nt, :x, 123 )
(a = 1, b = 2, c = 3, x = 123)

julia> NamedTuples.delete( x, :a)
(b = 2, c = 3, x = 123)

julia> merge( nt, @NT( d = "hello", e = "world"))
(a = 1, b = 2, c = 3, d = "hello", e = "world")
```

Note the use of `setindex/delete` and not `setindex!/delete!` as these operations do NOT modify in place.
